Added initial Version of a reference for the system.xml (#7024)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/prod/config-reference-systemxml.md

---
group: configuration-guide
title: system.xml reference
functional_areas:
  - Configuration
  - System

> ---

Reviewer: If you'd like attribution for this new topic, add the following metadata:

```
contributor_name: David Lambauer
contributor_link: https://github.com/DavidLambauer
```

For an example of how this renders on the site, see the top-right corner of this topic: https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/config-guide/log/custom-logger-handler.html

Author: Sure, cool thing. Thanks.

> The `system.xml` file is responsible for providing the possibility to manage the System Configuration. This document provides a general reference for the `system.xml`. The `system.xml` file is located under `etc/adminhtml/system.xml` in a given Magento 2 extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `system.xml` file allows you to manage the Magento system configuration. Use this topic as a general reference for the `system.xml` file. The `system.xml` file is located under `etc/adminhtml/system.xml` in a given Magento 2 extension.
```

> As already mentioned, the system.xml file is located under `etc/adminhtml/system.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The following code snippet shows the bare skeleton of the file:

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <!-- PLACE YOUR MODULE SPECIFIC CONFIGURATION HERE -->
    </system>
</config>
```

{:.bs-callout-tip}
If you want instant *XSD validation in your IDE, you can run `bin/magento dev:urn-catalog:generate [--ide IDE] [--] <path>`.

> ## Tab // Sections // Groups // Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tabs // Sections // Groups // Fields
```

> In the `system.xml`, it is possible to define four different types which are related to each other. The following section describes the relations between tabs, sections, groups, and fields. The following screenshot displays the Magento 2 System Configuration in the Admin backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `system.xml` file, it is possible to define four different types of entities, which are related to each other. The following section describes the relationship between tabs, sections, groups, and fields. The following screenshot displays the Magento 2 System Configuration in the Admin backend.
```

> The red squares mark the different types that are defined in the `system.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The red squares mark the different types that are defined in the `system.xml` file:
```

![Screenshot displaying a configured section in the Magento Admin.](img/magento2-system-configuration.png)

> Tabs are used to split different configuration areas semantically. Each Tab can contain one or more sections, which can also be referenced as sub-menu. A section contains one or more groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabs are used to split different configuration areas semantically. Each tab can contain one or more sections, which can also be referenced as submenus. A section contains one or more groups.
```

> Each group lists one or more fields. A group can also be used to add a general description for the following fields. As mentioned, each group can have one or more fields. Fields are the smallest entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each group lists one or more fields. You can also use a group to add a general description for the following fields. As mentioned, each group can have one or more fields. Fields are the smallest entity
```

in the system configuration context.

## Tabs

A `<tab>`-Tag references to either an existing or a new tab in the system configuration.

### Tab attribute reference

A `<tab>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute   | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`        | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the section.                                                                                        | `typeId` | required |
| `translate` | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |
| `type`      | Defines the input type of the rendered HTML element—defaults to `text`.                                                                             | `string` | optional |

> | `sortOrder` | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers drive the section to the top.           | `float`  | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sortOrder` | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers push the section to the top.           | `float`  | optional |
```

| `class`     | Adds a defined CSS class to the rendered tab HTML element.                                                                                          | `string` | optional |

### Tab node reference

A `<tab>`-Tag can have the following child:

| Node    | Description                                          | Type     |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| `label` | Defines the label that is displayed in the frontend. | `string` |

### Example: Create a new tab

The following code snippet demonstrates the creation of a new tab with example data.

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <tab id="A_UNIQUE_ID" translate="label" class="a-custom-css-class-to-style-this-tab" sortOrder="10">
            <label>A meaningful label</label>
        </tab>
    </system>
</config>
```

> The snippet above creates a new tab with the identifier `A_UNIQUE_ID`. As the `translate`-attribute is defined and references the label, the `label`-node is translatable. During the rendering process, the css class `a-custom-css-class-to-style-this-tab` will be applied on the HTML element that was created for this tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet above creates a new tab with the identifier `A_UNIQUE_ID`. As the `translate`-attribute is defined and references the label, the `label`-node is translatable. During the rendering process, the CSS class `a-custom-css-class-to-style-this-tab` will be applied on the HTML element that was created for this tab.
```

The `sortOrder`-attribute with the value of `10` defines the position of the tab in the list of all tabs when rendered.

## Sections

> A `<section>`-Tag references to either an existing or a new section in the system configuration. The following screenshot shows a rendered section in the Magento Admin:

Reviewer: There's no image reference here. Is that an oversight?

Author: Yes, right. Initially, I started to create multiple screenshots for each node but I ended up in the single screenshot showing all the different rendered nodes in one. Will remove this sentence.

### Section attribute reference

A `<section>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the section.                                                                                        | `typeId` | required |
| `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |

> | `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered html element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered HTML element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |
```

> | `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will drive the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will push the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |
```

| `canRestore`    | Defines if the  section can be restored to default.                                                                                                 | `int`    | optional |
| `advanced`      | Deprecated since 100.0.2.                                                                                                                           | `bool`   | optional |
| `extends`       | By providing an identifier of another section, the content of this node will extend the section that you referenced.                                | `string` | optional |

### Section node reference

A `<section>`-Tag can have the following children:

| Node             | Description                                                                                                           | Type                |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| `label`          | Defines the label that is displayed in the frontend.                                                                  | `string`            |

> | `class`          | Adds a defined css class to the rendered section html element.                                                        | `string`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `class`          | Adds a defined CSS class to the rendered section HTML element.                                                        | `string`            |
```

> | `tab`            | References the associated tab. Expects the id of the tab.                                                             | `typeTabId`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tab`            | References the associated tab. Expects the ID of the tab.                                                             | `typeTabId`         |
```

| `header_css`     | Neither used nor evaluated at the time of this writing.                                                               | `string`            |
| `resource`       | References an ACL resource to provide permission settings for this section.                                           | `typeAclResourceId` |

> | `group`          | Define one or more sub groups.                                                                                        | `typeGroup`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `group`          | Define one or more subgroups.                                                                                        | `typeGroup`         |
```

| `frontend_model` | Specifies a different frontend model to change the rendering and modify the output.                                   | `typeModel`         |
| `include`        | Used to include additional `system_include.xsd` compatible files. Usually used to structure large `system.xml` files. | `includeType`       |

### Example: Create a new section and assign it to a tab

The following code snippet demonstrates the basic usage of creating a new section.

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <tab id="A_UNIQUE_ID" translate="label" class="a-custom-css-class-to-style-this-tab" sortOrder="10">
            <label>A meaningful label</label>
        </tab>

        <section id="A_UNIQUE_SECTION_ID" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="0" showInStore="1" sortOrder="10" translate="label">
            <label>A meaningful section label</label>
            <tab>A_UNIQUE_ID</tab>
            <resource>VENDOR_MODULE::path_to_the_acl_resource</resource>
        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

> The section described above defines the id `A_UNIQUE_SECTION_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context. The `label`-node is translatable. The section is associated to the tab with the id `A_UNIQUE_ID`. The section can only be accessed by users that have the permissions defined in the ACL `VENDOR_MODULE::path_to_the_acl_resource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The section described above defines the ID `A_UNIQUE_SECTION_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context. The `label`-node is translatable. The section is associated to the tab with the ID `A_UNIQUE_ID`. The section can only be accessed by users that have the permissions defined in the ACL `VENDOR_MODULE::path_to_the_acl_resource`.
```

## Groups

The `<group>`-Tag is used to group fields together.

### Group attribute reference

A `<group>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the group.                                                                                          | `typeId` | required |
| `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |

> | `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered html element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered HTMLL element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |
```

> | `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will drive the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will push the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |
```

| `advanced`      | Deprecated since 100.0.2.                                                                                                                           | `bool`   | optional |
| `extends`       | By providing an identifier of another group, the content of this node will extend the section that you referenced.                                  | `string` | optional |

### Group node reference

A `<group>`-Tag can have the following children:

| Node                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                               | Type          |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `label`                     | Defines the label that is displayed in the frontend.                                                                                                                                      | `string`      |

> | `fieldset_css`              | Adds one or more css classes to a group fieldset.                                                                                                                                         | `string`      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fieldset_css`              | Adds one or more CSS classes to a group fieldset.                                                                                                                                         | `string`      |
```

| `clone_model`               | Specifies a given model to clone fields.                                                                                                                                                  | `typeModel`   |
| `clone_fields`              | Enabled or disabled cloning of fields.                                                                                                                                                    | `int`         |
| `help_url`                  | Not extensible. See below.                                                                                                                                                                | `typeUrl`     |
| `more_url`                  | Not extensible. See below.                                                                                                                                                                | `typeUrl`     |
| `demo_link`                 | Not extensible. See below.                                                                                                                                                                | `typeUrl`     |

> | `comment`                   | Adds a comment below the group label. By using `<![CDATA[//]]>` html can be applied.                                                                                                      | `string`      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `comment`                   | Adds a comment below the group label. By using `<![CDATA[//]]>` HTML can be applied.                                                                                                      | `string`      |
```

| `hide_in_single_store_mode` | Whether the group should be visible in single store mode. `1` hides the group; `0` shows the group.                                                                                       | `int`         |

> | `field`                     | Define on or more field that should be available under this group.                                                                                                                        | `field`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `field`                     | Define one or more fields that should be available under this group.                                                                                                                        | `field`       |
```

> | `group`                     | Define one or more sub groups.                                                                                                                                                            | `unbounded`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `group`                     | Define one or more subgroups.                                                                                                                                                            | `unbounded`   |
```

> | `depends`                   | Can be used to declare dependencies to other fields. Is used to only show specific fields/groups when a given field has a value of `1`. This node expects a `section/group/field`-string. | `depends`     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `depends`                   | Can be used to declare dependencies on other fields. Is used to show specific fields/groups only when a given field has a value of `1`. This node expects a `section/group/field`-string. | `depends`     |
```

| `attribute`                 | Custom attributes can be used by frontend models. Ususaly used to make a given frontend model more dynamic.                                                                               | `attribute`   |
| `include`                   | Used to include additional `system_include.xsd` compatible files. Usually used to structure large `system.xml` files.                                                                     | `includeType` |

{:.bs-callout-warning}
The nodes `more_url`, `demo_url` and `help_url` are defined by a PayPal frontend model that is only used once. These nodes are not reusable.

> ### Example: Create a bew group for a given section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Create a new group for a given section
```

The following code snippet demonstrates the basic usage of creating a new group.

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <tab id="A_UNIQUE_ID" translate="label" class="a-custom-css-class-to-style-this-tab" sortOrder="10">
            <label>A meaningful label</label>
        </tab>

        <section id="A_UNIQUE_SECTION_ID" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="0" showInStore="1" sortOrder="10" translate="label">
            <label>A meaningful section label</label>
            <tab>A_UNIQUE_ID</tab>
            <resource>VENDOR_MODULE::path_to_the_acl_resource</resource>

            <group id="A_UNIQUE_GROUP_ID" translate="label" sortOrder="10" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="0" showInStore="1">
                <!-- Add your fields here. -->
            </group>
        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

> The group described above defines the id `A_UNIQUE_GROUP_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group described above defines the ID `A_UNIQUE_GROUP_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context.
```

## Fields

The `<field>`-Tag is used inside of `<group>`-Tags to define specific configuration values.

### Field attribute reference

A `<field>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the field.                                                                                          | `typeId` | required |
| `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |

> | `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered html element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered HTML element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |
```

> | `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will drive the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will push the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |
```

| `advanced`      | Deprecated since 100.0.2.                                                                                                                           | `bool`   | optional |
| `extends`       | By providing an identifier of another field, the content of this node will extend the section that you referenced.                                  | `string` | optional |

### Field node reference

A `<field>`-Tag can have the following children:

| Node                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                               | Type             |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `label`                     | Defines the label that is displayed in the frontend.                                                                                                                                      | `string`         |

> | `comment`                   | Adds a comment below the group label. By using `<![CDATA[//]]>` html can be applied.                                                                                                      | `string`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `comment`                   | Adds a comment below the group label. By using `<![CDATA[//]]>` HTML can be applied.                                                                                                      | `string`         |
```

| `tooltip`                   | Another possible frontend element that also can be used to describe the meaning of this field. Will be displayed as a small icon beside the field.                                        | `string`         |
| `hint`                      | Displays additional information. Only available with specific `frontend_model`.                                                                                                           | `string`         |

> | `frontend_class`            | Adds a defined css class to the rendered section html element.                                                                                                                            | `string`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `frontend_class`            | Adds a defined CSS class to the rendered section HTML element.                                                                                                                            | `string`         |
```

| `frontend_model`            | Specifies a different frontend model to change the rendering and modify the output.                                                                                                       | `typeModel`      |
| `backend_model`             | Specifies a different backend model to modify the configured values.                                                                                                                      | `typeModel`      |
| `source_model`              | Specifies a different source model that provides a specific set of values.                                                                                                                | `typeModel`      |
| `config_path`               | Can be used to overwrite the generic config path of a field.                                                                                                                              | `typeConfigPath` |

> | `validate`                  | Define different validation rules separated by comma. Full reference list of available validation rules is listed below.                                                                  | `string`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate`                  | Define different validation rules (comma separated). Full reference list of available validation rules is listed below.                                                                  | `string`         |
```

| `options`                   | Not used. Potentially deprecated.                                                                                                                                                         | `complexType`    |
| `depends`                   | Can be used to declare dependencies to other fields. Is used to only show specific fields/groups when a given field has a value of `1`. This node expects a `section/group/field`-string. | `complexType`    |
| `attribute`                 | Custom attributes can be used by frontend models. Usually used to make a given frontend model more dynamic.                                                                               | `complexType`    |
| `requires`                  | Not extensible. See below.                                                                                                                                                                | `complexType`    |

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> The nodes `more_url`, `demo_url`, `requires` and `options` are defined by a different core payment models and are only used once. These nodes are not reusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nodes `more_url`, `demo_url`, `requires` and `options` are defined by a different core payment model and are only used once. These nodes are not reusable.
```

### Example: Create two fields in a given group

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

| `Magento\AdminNotification\Model\Config\Source\Frequency` | Provides the values `1 Hour`,`2 Hours`,`6 Hours`,`12 Hours` and `24 Hours`. Values are saved as integers.  |
| `Magento\Catalog\Model\Config\Source\TimeFormat`          | Provides the values for the time format (12 h/24 h).                                                       |
| `Magento\Cron\Model\Config\Source\Frequency`              | Provides the values `Daily`, `Weekly` and `Monthly`. Values are saved in the database as `D`, `W` and `M`. |
| `Magento\GoogleAdwords\Model\Config\Source\Language`      | Provides the values for a 2-letter code of a given language in the ISO 639-1 format (e.g. en).             |
| `Magento\Config\Model\Config\Source\Locale`               | Provides the values similar to the above one, but pertains a locale code (e.g. en_US).                     |

### Field Validation

A field can have one or more validator-classes assigned to make sure that the input of the user meets the requirements of the extension. Validation rules can be applied with the `<validate>`-Tag.
The following example validates a field and adds several different validation rules.

> ``` xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<field id="A_CUSTOM_IDENTIFIER" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="0" showInStore="1">
    <validate>required-entry validate-clean-url no-whitespace</validate>
</field>
```

The following validation rules are available:

| Rule                            | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `validate-no-html-tags`         | HTML tags are not allowed.                                                                                                       |

> | `validate-select`               | Please select an option.                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-select`               | Select an option.                                                                                                         |
```

| `validate-no-empty`             | Empty Value                                                                                                                      |

> | `validate-alphanum-with-spaces` | Please use only letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9) or spaces only in this field.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-alphanum-with-spaces` | Use letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9), or spaces only in this field.                                                |
```

> | `validate-data`                 | Please use only letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9) or underscore (_) in this field, and the first character should be a letter. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-data`                 | Use letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9), or underscores (_) only in this field. The first character should be a letter. |
```

> | `validate-street`               | Please use only letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9), spaces and “#” in this field.                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-street`               | Use letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9), spaces, and “#” only in this field.                                               |
```

> | `validate-phoneStrict`          | Please enter a valid phone number. For example (123) 456-7890 or 123-456-7890.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-phoneStrict`          | Enter a valid phone number. For example, (123) 456-7890 or 123-456-7890.                                                   |
```

> | `validate-phoneLax`             | Please enter a valid phone number. For example (123) 456-7890 or 123-456-7890.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-phoneLax`             | Enter a valid phone number. For example, (123) 456-7890 or 123-456-7890.                                                   |
```

> | `validate-fax`                  | Please enter a valid fax number (Ex: 123-456-7890).                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-fax`                  | Enter a valid fax number. For example, 123-456-7890.                                                                              |
```

> | `validate-email`                | Please enter a valid email address (Ex: johndoe@domain.com).                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-email`                | Enter a valid email address. For example, johndoe@domain.com.                                                                     |
```

> | `validate-emailSender`          | Please enter a valid email address (Ex: johndoe@domain.com).                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-emailSender`          | Enter a valid email address. For example, johndoe@domain.com.                                                                     |
```

> | `validate-password`             | Please enter 6 or more characters. Leading and trailing spaces will be ignored.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-password`             | Enter 6 or more characters. Leading and trailing spaces will be ignored.                                                  |
```

> | `validate-admin-password`       | Please enter 7 or more characters, using both numeric and alphabetic.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-admin-password`       | Enter 7 or more characters, using both numeric and alphabetic.                                                            |
```

> | `validate-url`                  | Please enter a valid URL. Protocol is required (http://, https:// or ftp://).                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-url`                  | Enter a valid URL. Protocol is required (http://, https:// or ftp://).                                                    |
```

> | `validate-clean-url`            | Please enter a valid URL. For example http://www.example.com or www.example.com.                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-clean-url`            | Enter a valid URL. For example, http://www.example.com or www.example.com.                                                 |
```

> | `validate-xml-identifier`       | Please enter a valid XML-identifier (Ex: something_1, block5, id-4).                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-xml-identifier`       | Enter a valid XML-identifier. For example, something_1, block5, id-4.                                                             |
```

> | `validate-ssn`                  | Please enter a valid social security number (Ex: 123-45-6789).                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-ssn`                  | Enter a valid social security number. For example, 123-45-6789.                                                                   |
```

> | `validate-zip-us`               | Please enter a valid zip code (Ex: 90602 or 90602-1234).                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-zip-us`               | Enter a valid ZIP code. For example, 90602 or 90602-1234.                                                                         |
```

> | `validate-date-au`              | Please use this date format: dd/mm/yyyy. For example 17/03/2006 for the 17th of March, 2006.                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-date-au`              | Use this date format: dd/mm/yyyy. For example, 17/03/2006 for the 17th of March, 2006.                                     |
```

> | `validate-currency-dollar`      | Please enter a valid $ amount. For example $100.00.                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate-currency-dollar`      | Enter a valid $ amount. For example, $100.00.                                                                              |
```

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the section.                                                                                        | `typeId` | required |
| `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |
| `type`          | Defines the input type of the rendered HTML element. Defaults to `text`.                                                                            | `string` | optional |
| `sortOrder`     | Defines the sort order of the section. High numbers will push the section to the bottom of the page; low numbers will push the section to the top. | `float`  | optional |

> | `showInDefault` | Defines whether the section is shown in the default store. Specify `1` to show the section and `0` to hide the section.                             | `int`    | optional |

Reviewer 2: I would recommend clarifying this part. Technically, it's not a "default store" but "default scope" or "default config" 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2148959/79238064-33939100-7e6f-11ea-9848-22a1abdeee91.png)

```suggestion
| `showInDefault` | Defines whether the section is shown for the default configuration scope. Specify `1` to show the section and `0` to hide the section.                             | `int`    | optional |
```

Author: Makes sense! I guess this phrase appears a couple of times. I will do another interaction on it.

        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

The section described above defines the ID `A_UNIQUE_SECTION_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context. The `label`-node is translatable. The section is associated to the tab with the ID `A_UNIQUE_ID`. The section can only be accessed by users that have the permissions defined in the ACL `VENDOR_MODULE::path_to_the_acl_resource`.

## Groups

The `<group>`-Tag is used to group fields together.

### Group attribute reference

A `<group>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the group.                                                                                          | `typeId` | required |

> | `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |

Reviewer 2: For `group`, and `field` tags there's a possibility to translate a group of fields like "label comment" but not the single field as for `tab` and `section`

```suggestion
| `translate`     | Defines fields that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |
```

Author: I didn't know that. I Will research it and describe it accordingly.

            <group id="A_UNIQUE_GROUP_ID" translate="label" sortOrder="10" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="0" showInStore="1">
                <!-- Add your fields here. -->
            </group>
        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

The group described above defines the ID `A_UNIQUE_GROUP_ID`, is visible in the default config view and in a store context.

## Fields

The `<field>`-Tag is used inside of `<group>`-Tags to define specific configuration values.

### Field attribute reference

A `<field>`-Tag can have the following attributes:

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                         | Type     | Required |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `id`            | Defines the identifier that is used referencing the field.                                                                                          | `typeId` | required |

> | `translate`     | Defines the field that should be translatable. Provide `label` to make the label translatable.                                                      | `string` | optional |

Reviewer 2: Please, check my previous comment regarding multiple fields translation
